# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE:** 06 - Feb - 2023 
* **ASSISTANTS:** Ivan Sanchez Milara

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*
- The following individuals attended the meeting: Justin Seby, Prasasthy Balasubramanian. 
- The tasks for Deadline 1 have been completed by the group. 
- Mr. Ivan reviewed the project's wiki page and evaluated each item based on the criteria for evaluation.
- During the meeting, the team discussed the time required for each section of the project. Mr. Ivan expressed his concern about the challenges associated with the NLP aspect of the project and recommended that the team focus more on the API side.
### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Meeting 3.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




